# Web-Fundamentals
I created this to post my wed fundamentals homework. 
When one visits a webpage they are communicating with others and programs through a broad network known as the internet, or the worldwide connected network of computers. Through the internet the web is hosted, holding a connection of text pages, photographs, music files and more that one can access through the internet. When one wants to visit a webpage they begin to do so through the HTTP, or the hypertext transfer protocol. This tool is the primary and uniform code computers use to exchange information with one another, one being the client or the web browser and the other being the web server. Now once one has gotten access to the web browser they are seeing the product of HTML, or hypertext markup language. HTML is the code or language behind what we see on the front end of the computer screen. HTML is a language that computers use that allows them to understand what it is we request to see online, and more so is the language used to create the headlines, images, text and more that makeup our everyday user experience. Both HTTP and HTML makeup the web browser, HTTP being the communication between computers for the retrieval of web pages and HTML being the language in which those pages are written and thus properly displayed. Finally, to locate a particular web page one must use its address or zip code, formally known as its URL. URL stands for universal/uniform resource locator. The URL is seen at the top of every web browser and allows you to locate it at any given time. The URL is the last part of visiting a webpage and it comprises of four separate parts. The first part “HTTP://” is the standard computer communication tool. Second, the domain name of the computer. Third, the name of the file being read off of the computer and lastly, the part of the file that indicates to your computer what kind of file it is. Altogether, when all of these processes are combined your computer is able to communicate within a network of computers, servers, applications, and languages in order to locate the page, gain access to it, and display the requested information correctly. After that, it is finished! You have successfully visited a webpage. 
